---
layout: post
title: So what's we attacking
description: Creating my portfolio and actually learn new stuff
---

TL;DR - Gonna finish the book I got my hands on and also do 100 days of DS projects

I have been a lot more lazy than I thought. One thing is for sure, if I wanna change my game I have to mod up and start playing.

It's been a rough couple of years, not gonna go into the details but every time I just wished I was more normal. My knees breaking on both my legs seems a tad bit too testing, maybe that is the reason why I still am so headless about everything.

My friends back from school (where I was a complete idiot, lying and acting fake just to fit in) are getting at amazing places in their lives. Do I envy that? I don't really think so, I wish the best for them, but the question that I keep asking myself is where am I headed? What do I want? Do all jobs feel like this? My. Head. Hurts.

So in my quest to not be distracted by a bunch of stuff I'm starting to grow myself. VERY SLOWLY. I'll stop competing, just do my own shit like I used to back in my happiest phase. 


I did start out this blog in feb, didn't write shit. Now I'm gonna genuinely take some time out and write daily. 


What are my current goals:

*Finish 25 pages of good economics for hard times and later on write an excerpt of it*

*Finish the book Intro to data science*

*Finish agressively on the goal*

*Reduce body fat*

*Complete 100 DS projects*


I'm gonna do a dipstick test every now and then and at the end of achieving something eat a giant scoop of chocolate cream as a treat to celebrate it.


Look to whomsoever reading this (Bah!) I started very late in the race/whatever this dimension is, but now I'm not going to stop.



Namaste!
